In front of you
I will be more humble
Did you know
Who benefited from the Kowloon Group?
It's good to give you a trillion-dollar investment in the Tang family.
Could it be that God Bless said it was you?
Who else do you think would take such good care of you?
That's enough!
Don't you have a little bit of grooming heart?
I am the president of Tangmen Group
And you're just a little street vendor
What do you take care of me
It's Master Dongjie
All said
It was he who fought with Lord Zunlong of the Kowloon Group
Investment that has just been pulled
How dare you pretend to get it?
And he said that.
It is the Kowloon Group that you benefit from.
Do you know what kind of existence the Kowloon Group is?
He is the pinnacle of the unparalleled in the world
Lord Jianzun
The greatest genius since human civilization
You also said that the Kowloon Group you benefited from
Let Lord Jianzun know how you died
Don't know anything
You said it was Li Dongjie
Help your Tang family
Received a trillion-dollar investment from Kowloon Group
Why? Are you ashamed?
Ben is a brother
Look how depraved you are
Let's see how promising they are
And Master Dongjie
Also help us Mr. Tang
Introduced Lord Zunlong of Kowloon Group as a godfather
You have helped us a lot, Mr. Tang
The two of them are a better match
He is. Are you going to marry my sister?
Marry Li Dongjie
You don't have to worry about that.
All you have to do is promise to break up the engagement with me
I still remember when I was the Crown Prince of the Li family
You say you don't deserve me
Enough is enough, a lot of things are not what they used to be
I know it hurts.
unwilling
But you have to accept the reality.
Daxia has always paid attention to the right match for thousands of years
Talented women and us
So I suggest you give up
Otherwise you will regret it
You said I would regret it if I didn't give up
If you don't regret it, then promise to break the engagement?